README.md, before:


# Solid CSS for React Native

The core purpose of this library is to make you forget about writing css code but doing it in a clean way compared to other css frameworks, this is done through a procedural algorithm that builds the most used css properties.

# How to install

You can get the latest version on npm/yarn, so to install it execute one of these:

-  `npm install solid-css-react-native`
-  `yarn add solid-css-react-native`

Then you'll need to create a new file like styles.js and write something like this:

    import SolidCss from 'solid-css-react-native'
    import { Dimensions } from 'react-native'
    
    
    // Initializes a new css construct with the black and white colors
    const MyCss = new SolidCss(['black', 'white'], Dimensions.get('window'))
    
    
    // Builds the classes as JS output
    export default MyCss.build()

# How to use it

This may be a bit tricky at first but you'll get used to it once you understand the logic behind the class names, down below you'll find a guide for every property that this library currently supports.

The **$** means that it works with dynamic numbers.

The **&** means that it works with dynamic colors.

### Border

-  `b-& => applies border-color with & color`
-  `bw$ => applies border-width on every corner with $ px`
-  `bwv$ => applies border-width on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `bwh$ => applies border-width on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `bwt$ => applies border-width on top side with $ px`
-  `bwb$ => applies border-width on bottom side with $ px`
-  `bwl$ => applies border-width on left side with $ px`
-  `bwr$ => applies border-width on right side with $ px`
-  `br$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ intensity`
-  `brt$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ intensity`
-  `brb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ intensity`
-  `brl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ intensity`
-  `brr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ intensity`
-  `brtl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ intensity`
-  `brtr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ intensity`
-  `brbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ intensity`
-  `brbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ intensity`
-  `brf$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ px`
-  `brft$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ px`
-  `brfb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ px`
-  `brfl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ px`
-  `brfr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ px`
-  `brftl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ px`
-  `brftr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ px`
-  `brfbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ px`
-  `brfbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ px`
-  `brp$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpt$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ percentual`
-  `brptl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ percentual`
-  `brptr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ percentual`

### Color

-  `bg-& => applies background-color with & color`
-  `& => applies color with & color`

### Container

-  `cn$ => applies width and height with $ px`
-  `mncn$ => applies min-width and min-height with $ px`
-  `mxcn$ => applies max-width and max-height with $ px`
-  `cnp$ => applies width and height with $ percentual`
-  `mncnp$ => applies min-width and min-height with $ percentual`
-  `mxcnp$ => applies max-width and max-height with $ percentual`
-  `cnd$ => applies width with $ vw and height with $ vh`
-  `mncnd$ => applies min-width with $ vw and min-height with $ vh`
-  `mxcnd$ => applies max-width with $ vw and max-height with $ vh`

### Display

-  `df => applies display: flex`
-  `dn => applies display: none`
-  `pen => applies pointer-events: none`
-  `pea => applies pointer-events: all`

### Flex

-  `fr => applies flex-direction: row`
-  `frr => applies flex-direction: row-reverse`
-  `fc => applies flex-direction: column`
-  `fcr => applies flex-direction: column-reverse`
-  `fw => applies flex-wrap: wrap`
-  `ff => applies flex: 1`
-  `ffr => applies flex: initial`
-  `jcfs => applies justify-content: flex-start`
-  `jcfe => applies justify-content: flex-end`
-  `jcc => applies justify-content: center`
-  `jcsb => applies justify-content: jcsb`
-  `jcsa => applies justify-content: space-around`
-  `aifs => applies align-items: flex-start`
-  `aife => applies align-items: flex-end`
-  `aic => applies align-items: center`
-  `ais => applies align-items: stretch`
-  `asfs => applies align-self: flex-start`
-  `asfe => applies align-self: flex-end`
-  `asc => applies align-self: center`

### Height

-  `h$ => applies height with $ px`
-  `mnh$ => applies min-height with $ px`
-  `mxh$ => applies max-height with $ px`
-  `hp$ => applies height with $ percentual`
-  `mnhp$ => applies min-height with $ percentual`
-  `mxhp$ => applies max-height with $ percentual`
-  `hd$ => applies height with $ vh`
-  `mnhd$ => applies min-height with $ vh`
-  `mxhd$ => applies max-height with $ vh`
-  `ha => applies height: auto`

### Margin

-  `m$ => applies margin on every side with $ intensity`
-  `mv$ => applies margin on top and bottom sides with $ intensity`
-  `mh$ => applies margin on left and right sides with $ intensity`
-  `mt$ => applies margin on top side with $ intensity`
-  `mb$ => applies margin on bottom side with $ intensity`
-  `ml$ => applies margin on left side with $ intensity`
-  `mr$ => applies margin on right side with $ intensity`
-  `mtn$ => applies margin on top side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mbn$ => applies margin on bottom side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mln$ => applies margin on left side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mrn$ => applies margin on right side with negative $ intensity`
-  `fm$ => applies margin on every side with $ px`
-  `fmv$ => applies margin on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `fmh$ => applies margin on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `fmt$ => applies margin on top side with $ px`
-  `fmb$ => applies margin on bottom side with $ px`
-  `fml$ => applies margin on left side with $ px`
-  `fmr$ => applies margin on right side with $ px`
-  `fmtn$ => applies margin on top side with negative $ px`
-  `fmbn$ => applies margin on bottom side with negative $ px`
-  `fmln$ => applies margin on left side with negative $ px`
-  `fmrn$ => applies margin on right side with negative $ px`

### Opacity

-  `o$ => applies opacity with $ / 100 intensity`

### Overflow

-  `ofa => applies overflow: auto`
-  `ofh => applies overflow: hidden`
-  `ofs => applies overflow: scroll`
-  `ofv => applies overflow: visible`
-  `ofxa => applies overflow-x: auto`
-  `ofxh => applies overflow-x: hidden`
-  `ofxs => applies overflow-x: scroll`
-  `ofxv => applies overflow-x: visible`
-  `ofya => applies overflow-y: auto`
-  `ofyh => applies overflow-y: hidden`
-  `ofys => applies overflow-y: scroll`
-  `ofyv => applies overflow-y: visible`

### Padding

-  `p$ => applies padding on every side with $ intensity`
-  `pv$ => applies padding on top and bottom sides with $ intensity`
-  `ph$ => applies padding on left and right sides with $ intensity`
-  `pt$ => applies padding on top side with $ intensity`
-  `pb$ => applies padding on bottom side with $ intensity`
-  `pl$ => applies padding on left side with $ intensity`
-  `pr$ => applies padding on right side with $ intensity`
-  `fp$ => applies padding on every side with $ px`
-  `fpv$ => applies padding on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `fph$ => applies padding on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `fpt$ => applies padding on top side with $ px`
-  `fpb$ => applies padding on bottom side with $ px`
-  `fpl$ => applies padding on left side with $ px`
-  `fpr$ => applies padding on right side with $ px`

### Position

-  `dp => applies position: static`
-  `rp => applies position: relative`
-  `ap => applies position: absolute`
-  `sp => applies position: sticky`
-  `fp => applies position: fixed`
-  `at$ => applies top with $ px`
-  `ab$ => applies bottom with $ px`
-  `al$ => applies left with $ px`
-  `ar$ => applies right with $ px`
-  `atn$ => applies top with negative $ px`
-  `abn$ => applies bottom with negative $ px`
-  `aln$ => applies left with negative $ px`
-  `arn$ => applies right with negative $ px`
-  `apt$ => applies top with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies bottom with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies left with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies right with $ percentual`
-  `aptn$ => applies top with negative $ percentual`
-  `apbn$ => applies bottom with negative $ percentual`
-  `apln$ => applies left with negative $ percentual`
-  `aprn$ => applies right with negative $ percentual`
-  `adt$ => applies top with $ intensity`
-  `adb$ => applies bottom with $ intensity`
-  `adl$ => applies left with $ intensity`
-  `adr$ => applies right with $ intensity`
-  `adtn$ => applies top with negative $ intensity`
-  `adbn$ => applies bottom with negative $ intensity`
-  `adln$ => applies left with negative $ intensity`
-  `adrn$ => applies right with negative $ intensity`

### Shadow

-  `s$ => applies box-shadow with $ px radius`
-  `s-& => applies & color to the box-shadow`

### Text

-  `ts$ => applies font-size with $ px`
-  `tfl => applies font-weight: 300 (thin)`
-  `tfr => applies font-weight: 400 (regular)`
-  `tfm => applies font-weight: 500 (medium)`
-  `tfsb => applies font-weight: 600 (semi-bold)`
-  `tfb => applies font-weight: 700 (bold)`
-  `tal => applies text-align: left`
-  `tac => applies text-align: center`
-  `tar => applies text-align: right`
-  `toe => applies text-overflow: ellipsis`
-  `tdu => applies text-decoration: underline`

### Width

-  `w$ => applies width with $ px`
-  `mnw$ => applies min-width with $ px`
-  `mxw$ => applies max-width with $ px`
-  `wp$ => applies width with $ percentual`
-  `mnwp$ => applies min-width with $ percentual`
-  `mxwp$ => applies max-width with $ percentual`
-  `wd$ => applies width with $ vh`
-  `mnwd$ => applies min-width with $ vh`
-  `mxwd$ => applies max-width with $ vh`
-  `wa => applies width: auto`

### zIndex

-  `zi$ => applies z-index with $ value`

Commit message:

Update README, remove unused packages and build this boy

README.md, after:


# Solid CSS

The core purpose of this library is to make you forget about writing css code but doing it in a clean way compared to other css frameworks, this is done through a procedural algorithm that builds the most used css properties.

# How to install

You can get the latest version on npm/yarn, so to install it execute one of these:

-  `npm install solid-css`
-  `yarn add solid-css`

Then you'll need to import it along with whatever initializes your project, for example the most common one is probably webpack, so you will have something like this in a webpack dev config:

    import SolidCss from 'solid-css'
    
    // Initializes a new css construct with the black and white colors
    const MyCss = new SolidCss([{ name: 'black', hex: '#000' }, { name: 'white', hex: '#FFF' }])
    
    // Builds the minified css file based on your classes usage inside the project
    MyCss.minify('./path-to-source-files', './name-of-the-minified-css.css)

With the same initializations as before, so you could just use the same config and use an if else depending on the environment.


# How to use it

This may be a bit tricky at first but you'll get used to it once you understand the logic behind the class names, down below you'll find a guide for every property that this library currently supports.

The **$** means that it works with dynamic numbers.

The **&** means that it works with dynamic colors.

### Border

-  `b-& => applies border-color with & color`
-  `bw$ => applies border-width on every corner with $ px`
-  `bwv$ => applies border-width on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `bwh$ => applies border-width on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `bwt$ => applies border-width on top side with $ px`
-  `bwb$ => applies border-width on bottom side with $ px`
-  `bwl$ => applies border-width on left side with $ px`
-  `bwr$ => applies border-width on right side with $ px`
-  `br$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ intensity`
-  `brt$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ intensity`
-  `brb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ intensity`
-  `brl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ intensity`
-  `brr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ intensity`
-  `brtl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ intensity`
-  `brtr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ intensity`
-  `brbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ intensity`
-  `brbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ intensity`
-  `brf$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ px`
-  `brft$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ px`
-  `brfb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ px`
-  `brfl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ px`
-  `brfr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ px`
-  `brftl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ px`
-  `brftr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ px`
-  `brfbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ px`
-  `brfbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ px`
-  `brp$ => applies border-radius on every corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpt$ => applies border-radius on top corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpb$ => applies border-radius on bottom corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpl$ => applies border-radius on left corners with $ percentual`
-  `brpr$ => applies border-radius on right corners with $ percentual`
-  `brptl$ => applies border-radius on top-left corner with $ percentual`
-  `brptr$ => applies border-radius on top-right corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpbl$ => applies border-radius on bottom-left corner with $ percentual`
-  `brpbr$ => applies border-radius on bottom-right corner with $ percentual`

### Color

-  `bg-& => applies background-color with & color`
-  `& => applies color with & color`

### Container

-  `cn$ => applies width and height with $ px`
-  `mncn$ => applies min-width and min-height with $ px`
-  `mxcn$ => applies max-width and max-height with $ px`
-  `cnp$ => applies width and height with $ percentual`
-  `mncnp$ => applies min-width and min-height with $ percentual`
-  `mxcnp$ => applies max-width and max-height with $ percentual`
-  `cnd$ => applies width with $ vw and height with $ vh`
-  `mncnd$ => applies min-width with $ vw and min-height with $ vh`
-  `mxcnd$ => applies max-width with $ vw and max-height with $ vh`

### Display

-  `df => applies display: flex`
-  `dn => applies display: none`
-  `pen => applies pointer-events: none`
-  `pea => applies pointer-events: all`

### Flex

-  `fr => applies flex-direction: row`
-  `frr => applies flex-direction: row-reverse`
-  `fc => applies flex-direction: column`
-  `fcr => applies flex-direction: column-reverse`
-  `fw => applies flex-wrap: wrap`
-  `ff => applies flex: 1`
-  `ffr => applies flex: initial`
-  `jcfs => applies justify-content: flex-start`
-  `jcfe => applies justify-content: flex-end`
-  `jcc => applies justify-content: center`
-  `jcsb => applies justify-content: jcsb`
-  `jcsa => applies justify-content: space-around`
-  `aifs => applies align-items: flex-start`
-  `aife => applies align-items: flex-end`
-  `aic => applies align-items: center`
-  `ais => applies align-items: stretch`
-  `asfs => applies align-self: flex-start`
-  `asfe => applies align-self: flex-end`
-  `asc => applies align-self: center`

### Height

-  `h$ => applies height with $ px`
-  `mnh$ => applies min-height with $ px`
-  `mxh$ => applies max-height with $ px`
-  `hp$ => applies height with $ percentual`
-  `mnhp$ => applies min-height with $ percentual`
-  `mxhp$ => applies max-height with $ percentual`
-  `hd$ => applies height with $ vh`
-  `mnhd$ => applies min-height with $ vh`
-  `mxhd$ => applies max-height with $ vh`
-  `ha => applies height: auto`

### Margin

-  `m$ => applies margin on every side with $ intensity`
-  `mv$ => applies margin on top and bottom sides with $ intensity`
-  `mh$ => applies margin on left and right sides with $ intensity`
-  `mt$ => applies margin on top side with $ intensity`
-  `mb$ => applies margin on bottom side with $ intensity`
-  `ml$ => applies margin on left side with $ intensity`
-  `mr$ => applies margin on right side with $ intensity`
-  `mtn$ => applies margin on top side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mbn$ => applies margin on bottom side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mln$ => applies margin on left side with negative $ intensity`
-  `mrn$ => applies margin on right side with negative $ intensity`
-  `fm$ => applies margin on every side with $ px`
-  `fmv$ => applies margin on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `fmh$ => applies margin on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `fmt$ => applies margin on top side with $ px`
-  `fmb$ => applies margin on bottom side with $ px`
-  `fml$ => applies margin on left side with $ px`
-  `fmr$ => applies margin on right side with $ px`
-  `fmtn$ => applies margin on top side with negative $ px`
-  `fmbn$ => applies margin on bottom side with negative $ px`
-  `fmln$ => applies margin on left side with negative $ px`
-  `fmrn$ => applies margin on right side with negative $ px`

### Opacity

-  `o$ => applies opacity with $ / 100 intensity`

### Overflow

-  `ofa => applies overflow: auto`
-  `ofh => applies overflow: hidden`
-  `ofs => applies overflow: scroll`
-  `ofv => applies overflow: visible`
-  `ofxa => applies overflow-x: auto`
-  `ofxh => applies overflow-x: hidden`
-  `ofxs => applies overflow-x: scroll`
-  `ofxv => applies overflow-x: visible`
-  `ofya => applies overflow-y: auto`
-  `ofyh => applies overflow-y: hidden`
-  `ofys => applies overflow-y: scroll`
-  `ofyv => applies overflow-y: visible`

### Padding

-  `p$ => applies padding on every side with $ intensity`
-  `pv$ => applies padding on top and bottom sides with $ intensity`
-  `ph$ => applies padding on left and right sides with $ intensity`
-  `pt$ => applies padding on top side with $ intensity`
-  `pb$ => applies padding on bottom side with $ intensity`
-  `pl$ => applies padding on left side with $ intensity`
-  `pr$ => applies padding on right side with $ intensity`
-  `fp$ => applies padding on every side with $ px`
-  `fpv$ => applies padding on top and bottom sides with $ px`
-  `fph$ => applies padding on left and right sides with $ px`
-  `fpt$ => applies padding on top side with $ px`
-  `fpb$ => applies padding on bottom side with $ px`
-  `fpl$ => applies padding on left side with $ px`
-  `fpr$ => applies padding on right side with $ px`

### Placeholder

-  `ph-& => applies placeholder color with & color`

### Position

-  `dp => applies position: static`
-  `rp => applies position: relative`
-  `ap => applies position: absolute`
-  `sp => applies position: sticky`
-  `fp => applies position: fixed`
-  `at$ => applies top with $ px`
-  `ab$ => applies bottom with $ px`
-  `al$ => applies left with $ px`
-  `ar$ => applies right with $ px`
-  `atn$ => applies top with negative $ px`
-  `abn$ => applies bottom with negative $ px`
-  `aln$ => applies left with negative $ px`
-  `arn$ => applies right with negative $ px`
-  `apt$ => applies top with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies bottom with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies left with $ percentual`
-  `apt$ => applies right with $ percentual`
-  `aptn$ => applies top with negative $ percentual`
-  `apbn$ => applies bottom with negative $ percentual`
-  `apln$ => applies left with negative $ percentual`
-  `aprn$ => applies right with negative $ percentual`
-  `adt$ => applies top with $ intensity`
-  `adb$ => applies bottom with $ intensity`
-  `adl$ => applies left with $ intensity`
-  `adr$ => applies right with $ intensity`
-  `adtn$ => applies top with negative $ intensity`
-  `adbn$ => applies bottom with negative $ intensity`
-  `adln$ => applies left with negative $ intensity`
-  `adrn$ => applies right with negative $ intensity`

### Shadow

-  `s$ => applies box-shadow with $ px radius`
-  `s-& => applies & color to the box-shadow`

### Text

-  `ts$ => applies font-size with $ px`
-  `tfl => applies font-weight: 300 (thin)`
-  `tfr => applies font-weight: 400 (regular)`
-  `tfm => applies font-weight: 500 (medium)`
-  `tfsb => applies font-weight: 600 (semi-bold)`
-  `tfb => applies font-weight: 700 (bold)`
-  `tal => applies text-align: left`
-  `tac => applies text-align: center`
-  `tar => applies text-align: right`
-  `toe => applies text-overflow: ellipsis`
-  `tdu => applies text-decoration: underline`

### Width

-  `w$ => applies width with $ px`
-  `mnw$ => applies min-width with $ px`
-  `mxw$ => applies max-width with $ px`
-  `wp$ => applies width with $ percentual`
-  `mnwp$ => applies min-width with $ percentual`
-  `mxwp$ => applies max-width with $ percentual`
-  `wd$ => applies width with $ vh`
-  `mnwd$ => applies min-width with $ vh`
-  `mxwd$ => applies max-width with $ vh`
-  `wa => applies width: auto`

### zIndex

-  `zi$ => applies z-index with $ value`
